What is this?
Just look at it
Kidney transplant surgery
You mean to take my own kidney
For your son
It's not a gift, it's a compensation.
This is what you owe Xiaohui
No no no no
I can't die yet
I didn't say I was going to die.
I have to save my mom
I promised my mom
I want to live well with him
You can't die.
Can my son die?
Zihui is my heart
Is the future heir to the Su family
Those who want to come out of the countryside are also crushed
Use your kidney to save the turtle's life
It is the blessing you have cultivated in eight lifetimes.
No no
Didn't you just say you have to take responsibility?
Didn't you say you can help with anything?
It's just a kidney.
I also left you one.
We have done our best to you.
But I only have one now